hello folks Gino here with Texas best
used motorcycles in Mansfield Texas with
a 2007 Yamaha Stratoliner that I want to
show you this is one sweet ride this
2007 model has eighteen hundred and
fifty CCS
it's an air-cooled v-twin with a
five-speed got some pretty nice upgrades
got the engine guard up front here comes
with the rider full boards and upgraded
with a Cobra exhaust sounds real nice
it's got hard leather molded bags
passing your backrest luggage rack I'm
gonna pull the stout you're looking look
to that rear fender this is a couple
little spots on this rear fender down
here some of that a rub off I don't have
my don't have my polishing rag but some
of that come off but there is a couple
of little bumps right down here I
thought there might be one right in
there
I've also been upgraded with a Mustang
seat we put you a battery tender on it
or battery tender lead all the grips
levers switches and buttons look real
good on this bike
it's got 28,000 386 miles sure doesn't
look like it whoever had it knew how to
take care of a motorcycle
got a nice clear detachable windshield
it's also lockable the ignition key will
unlock your windshield and take it off
real nice sound to it
eighteen hundred and fifty CCS that's a
lot of ponies I don't know exactly how
many but it'll get them down the road
nice spoke to Magnus rims dual front
disc brakes brand-new tire on the front
got some scars here on this front fender
echoing front end looks real nice like
know more about it call our sales team
at eight one seven nine eight five eight
eight eight eight they can tell you all
about it I'm going on line and Sarah
complete inventory it Texas best used
motorcycles calm got some good financing
on this bike some good extended
warranties
take almost anything in on trade and we
sell and ship bikes all over the world
so it would be easy to get this one to
you this is Gino with Texas best used
motorcycles in Mansfield Texas thanks
for looking